---
layout: post
title:      "New Beginnings"
date:       2020-04-26 22:09:29 +0000
permalink:  new_beginnings
---


I have been working in the advertising industry as an account coordinator for 3-years. Being formally educated in music and music business, I figured I could enter the broader media/entertainment industry and be reasonably content. After some time, I felt I had hit a considerable ceiling, while also feeling fairly stifled creatively. With a sturdy corporate ladder, and clear favortism impeding my advancement, I could feel it was time for a change. Coding had been on my list of skills that I had always wanted to acquire, but it just seemed unattainable. I didn't think I was capable of completing such a task.   It wasn't until I overcame one of the biggest challenges of my life thus far that I realized just in fact how capable I am. 

In March 2019, I was admitted to Lenox Hill Hospital in NYC to deal with a "suspicious mass" that was discovered on my body. After the post-surgery biopsy, it was concluded that I had testicular cancer. Two weeks after the surgery, it was then determined that I would require chemotherapy to fully flush the tumor markers out of my bloodstream. Much like the beginning of this course, I had a boatload of information thrown at me in a short amount of time. Everything happened so quickly that I barely had time to process it all. When the word "cancerous" is uttered by a doctor, everything else becomes a blur. Luckily, I had the greatest support system in my family and girlfriend to take this on with me. 

All in all, now one year later, my bout with cancer did not last very long. While the word "cured" is not used until 5-years post-chemo, the treatment itself only lasted about two months. I was lucky enough to have very mild side effects from the drugs themselves, and I actually got to spend some incredible quality time with my family, which I realized I had not done in way too long. Not only did the experience make me cherish my family and friends even more, but it also forced me to realize that our time on this earth must be used wisely. Everything that we know and love can change in an instant with absolutely no warning. I knew that I could no longer dedicate my time to a job that I felt did not foster my own personal growth. Learning software development seemed like the perfect avenue to change my life for the better, and feel a sense of pride and accomplishment through a positive outcome. If I can beat one of the most malicious diseases  known to affect mankind at 25, then I doubt there is much left that I cannot do. Onward and upward! 
